RDSC-1514: Convert RDI CLI pod definition to deployment (#2844)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rdi/installation/install-k8s.md

Run `redis-di status` to check the status of the installation.

## Install RDI CLI on Kubernetes cluster

### Add CLI deployment

```bash
cat << EOF > /tmp/redis-di-cli-deployment.yml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: redis-di-cli
spec:
  replicas: 1
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: redis-di-cli
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: redis-di-cli
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: redis-di-cli
          image: docker.io/redislabs/redis-di-cli:latest
          volumeMounts:
          - name: config-volume
            mountPath: /app
          - name: jobs-volume
            mountPath: /app/jobs
      volumes:
        - name: config-volume
          configMap:
            name: redis-di-config
            optional: true
        - name: jobs-volume
          configMap:
            name: redis-di-jobs
            optional: true
EOF
kubectl apply -f /tmp/redis-di-cli-deployment.yml           
```

> After creation of the deployment, the RDI CLI will be available as a pod in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deployment, the RDI CLI will be available as a pod in the cluster.
```

> It can be scaled down to 0 replicas when not in use or during maintenance. Use the following commands to scale down/up the deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be scaled down to zero replicas when not in use or during maintenance. Use the following commands to scale down/up the deployment:
```

```bash
kubectl scale deployment.apps/redis-di-cli --replicas=0
kubectl scale deployment.apps/redis-di-cli --replicas=1
```

> > Note: Before scaling down the deployment it is recommended to save the redis-di context for future use. To do this, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Before scaling down the deployment, it is recommended that you save the redis-di context for future use. To do this, run the following command:
```

>
> ```bash
> cat /root/.redis-di
> ```
>

> > Copy the output of the command and save it in a local file. To use the context in the future, simply create the file `/root/.redis-di` and paste the content saved before. This is useful when the RDI CLI deployment is scaled up or upgraded to a new image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Copy the output of the command and save it in a local file. To use the context in the future, simply create the file `/root/.redis-di` and paste the previously saved content. This is useful when the RDI CLI deployment is scaled up or upgraded to a new image.
```

> ## Install RDI CLI on Kubernetes Cluster

Reviewer 2: Kubernetes cluster

Author: done

### Add CLI deployment

```bash
cat << EOF > /tmp/redis-di-cli-deployment.yml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: redis-di-cli
spec:
  replicas: 1
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: redis-di-cli
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: redis-di-cli
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: redis-di-cli
          image: docker.io/redislabs/redis-di-cli:latest
          volumeMounts:
          - name: config-volume
            mountPath: /app
          - name: jobs-volume
            mountPath: /app/jobs
      volumes:
        - name: config-volume
          configMap:
            name: redis-di-config
            optional: true
        - name: jobs-volume
          configMap:
            name: redis-di-jobs
            optional: true
EOF
kubectl apply -f /tmp/redis-di-cli-deployment.yml           
```

> After creation of the deployment, the RDI CLI will be available as a pod in the cluster. It can be scaled down to 0 replicas when not in use or during maintenance. Use the following commands to scale down/up the deployment:

Reviewer 2: Split it to different sections:
```
After creation of the deployment, the RDI CLI will be available as a pod in the cluster. 

It can be scaled down to 0 replicas when not in use or during maintenance. Use the following commands to scale down/up the deployment:
```

Author: fixed

```bash
kubectl scale deployment.apps/redis-di-cli --replicas=0
kubectl scale deployment.apps/redis-di-cli --replicas=1
```

> Note: Before scaling down the deployment it is recommended to save the redis-di context for future use. To do this, run the following command:
>
> ```bash
> cat /root/.redis-di
> ```
>

> > Copy the output of the command and save it in a local file. To use the context in the future, simply create the file `/root/.redis-di` and paste the content saved before. This is useful when the RDI CLI deployment is scaled up or upgraded to a new image.

Reviewer 2: Not sure it's understood that this is part of the note section, maybe consider changing it to a sub section instead of a note.

Author: It is indeed a part of the note section when you look at the preview:
![image](https://github.com/RedisLabs/redislabs-docs/assets/98769322/6b197153-b405-4853-9e8d-4b12fbb254b9)
I wouldn't change it to a separate subsection since this is a comment to the scaling statement above.

Author: Yes, it is already like that.

Run `deploy` command to deploy the configuration in the ConfigMap to the remote redis-di instance:

```bash
kubectl exec -it pod/redis-di-cli-<id> -- redis-di deploy
```

> Read more about deploying data transformation jobs when the RDI CLI is deployed as a Kubernetes pod [here](../data-transformation-pipeline.md#deploy-configuration).

### Validate the installation

Run `kubectl exec -it pod/redis-di-cli-<id> -- redis-di status` to check the status of the installation.

> > Note that it is OK to see the warning of "No streams found" since we have not yet set up a Debezium source connector. We will do this in the next step.

Reviewer 2: Same convention:
```
Note: It is OK to see...
```

Author: done

Run `deploy` command to deploy the configuration in the ConfigMap to the remote redis-di instance:

```bash
kubectl exec -it pod/redis-di-cli-<id> -- redis-di deploy
```

> Read more about deploying data transformation jobs when the RDI CLI is deployed as a Kubernetes pod [here](../data-transformation-pipeline.md#deploy-configuration).

### Validate the installation

Run `kubectl exec -it pod/redis-di-cli-<id> -- redis-di status` to check the status of the installation.

> > Note: It is OK to see the warning of "No streams found" since we have not yet set up a Debezium source connector. We will do this in the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: It is okay to see the warning "No streams found" since the Debezium source connector has not yet been set up. This will be done in the next step.
```
